Add more format examples to README (#341)
moove-it/sidekiq-scheduler: README.md

    every: '45m'    # Runs every 45 minutes
```

> The value is parsed by `Fugit::Duration#parse`. It understands quite a number of formats, including human-readable ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value is parsed by  [Fugit](https://github.com/floraison/fugit). It understands quite a number of formats, including human-readable ones:
```
What do you think about linking to the gem? I think that can be more useful to the other users

Author: Good idea! But linking _just_ to the gem isn't precise enough. How about this anchored link?

Reviewer: Looks good to me!
